DOCS-8339 NetSuite Connector 10 Kim Edits (#890)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: netsuite/10.0/modules/ROOT/pages/netsuite-reference.adoc

|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required

> | Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x

Reviewer: No periods at the ends of fragments in this column:
```suggestion
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use | | x
```
I removed "The" for parallelism; will do so below as well.

> | New Email a| String |  New email value. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| New Email a| String |  New email value |  |
```
Should we fill empty cells with "not applicable" (or "n.a."), so that they know that the cell was not accidentally left empty?

Author: That's a conversation for another day. This is generated, so I'm not sure what's possible.

> | Current Credentials a| String |  current user password. |  | x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Current Credentials a| String |  Current user password |  | x
```

> | Just This Account a| Boolean |  Update email for the current account only. |  true |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Just This Account a| Boolean |  Update email for the current account only |  true |
```
Is "update email" a modified noun or is this a verb? If the latter, can we do something to avoid inconsistency?

> | Target Variable a| String |  The name of a variable to store the operation's output. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of a variable to store the operation's output |  |
```

Reviewer: Please continue previous edits within the following closed, blue-shaded text.

|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x

> | New Password a| String |  New password value. |   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| New Password a| String |  New password value |   |
```

> | Current Credentials a| String |  current user password. |  | x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Current Credentials a| String |  Current user password |  | x
```

> | Target Variable a| String |  The name of a variable to store the operation's output. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of a variable to store the operation's output |  |
```

> | Target Value a| String |  An expression to evaluate against the operation's output and store the expression outcome in the target variable |  `#[payload]` |

Reviewer: The description is confusing:

An expression to evaluate against ...output
and
(an expression to) store...?
(an expression) in which to store...?

What are the two actions and the two actors in this description?

|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required

> | Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use | | x
```

> | Job Id a| String |  The ID of the job. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Job Id a| String |  ID of the job |  |
```

> | Page Index a| Number |  The page number of the asynchronous result. |  1 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Page Index a| Number |  Page number of the asynchronous result |  1 |
```

> | Target Variable a| String |  The name of a variable to store the operation's output. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of a variable in which to store the operation's output |  |
```
I think that this is the wording we need instead of "variable to store" throughout.

> | Target Value a| String |  An expression to evaluate against the operation's output and store the expression outcome in the target variable |  `#[payload]` |

Reviewer: ditto previous wording questions and suggestion

Reviewer: Please implement global edits in the blue-shaded text.

| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required

> | Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use | | x
```

> | Record Type a| String |  The type of record to get. |  | x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Record Type a| String |  Type of record to get |  | x
```

> | Internal Id a| String |  The internalId of the record to get. You can choose between this or externalId. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Internal Id a| String |  Alternative to `externalID`, the internal ID of the record to get |  |
```

> | External Id a| String |  The externalId of the record to get. You can choose between this or internalId. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| External Id a| String |  Alternative to `internalId`, the external ID of the record to get |  |
```

| Target Variable a| String |  The name of a variable to store the operation's output. |  |

> | Target Value a| String |  An expression to evaluate against the operation's output and store the expression outcome in the target variable |  `#[payload]` |

Reviewer: ditto prev edits

|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Account Id a| String |  account ID. |  |
| Target Variable a| String |  The name of a variable to store the operation's output. |  |
| Target Value a| String |  An expression to evaluate against the operation's output and store the expression outcome in the target variable |  `#[payload]` |

> | Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>

Reviewer: ditto prev. edits
